---
layout: post
title: Agenda 2016
date: 2016-01-02
---

This is first serious post. 2015 went very fast. We relocated from India to USA. It was a tough move. This country is
very different and it takes a lots of effort to adjust to a new life style. It was more tough for my wife as hew lofe
changed completely. She was a working woman earlier, but last year she was mostly at home. She indeed sacrified a lot.
She is taking good care of me and my daughter and I really see a lot of +ve changes in her job prospects.

I am very sure that 2016 is going to be a good year for her.

But this post is not about her... I could not stop my self from writing about her. So no more wife praising, I will
reserve another post for it. This Post is for my **RESOLUTIONS**.

Following are my resoultion in no particular order...

### Eat well, Exercise well & Read well
I really see a burning need for it. It is not because I am getting old, Neither it is because I need to be fit to take
care of my family. It is because I really wanted to be super fit.. and I realise that if I do not act not it will be too
late.
I do not know what exercise routine I will follow.. but I am sure I will work out something.

### Read the books
I am Just buying them.. or reading them half. I need to comeup with a way to make sure that I finish one book in 15
days. This is especially very important this year as I see my daughter growing up and watching me. She copies what I do.
So I want to do good things.

### Write emails to my daughter
Last year I created some email accounts for my daughter, primarily to make sure that I mail her stuff which I want her
to know in future. But I never send emaisl to them. It is never too late, I want to do it this year.

### Do something which excites me @ work.
Through out my career I am doing something which was alloted to me... I really could not connect very well with the
work. Technology aspect of stuff was really good and I did learnt a lot of stuff.. but I miss the connection . Something
whihc connects you to your work. This year I want to do something of that sort. In a way this blog is a start.

### Read you emails

### Cook and dance


Thats it. I really want to see how far I can carry these resolution. I am going to post more about them, as and when I
start working on them.
